# RunParameters

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**jar_params** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | A list of parameters for jobs with Spark JAR tasks, for example `\"jar_params\": [\"john doe\", \"35\"]`. The parameters are used to invoke the main function of the main class specified in the Spark JAR task. If not specified upon `run-now`, it defaults to an empty list. jar_params cannot be specified in conjunction with notebook_params. The JSON representation of this field (for example `{\"jar_params\":[\"john doe\",\"35\"]}`) cannot exceed 10,000 bytes.  Use [Task parameter variables](https://docs.databricks.com/jobs.html#parameter-variables) to set parameters containing information about job runs. | [optional]
**notebook_params** | Option<[**::std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**](serde_json::Value.md)> | A map from keys to values for jobs with notebook task, for example `\"notebook_params\": {\"name\": \"john doe\", \"age\": \"35\"}`. The map is passed to the notebook and is accessible through the [dbutils.widgets.get](https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/databricks-utils.html#dbutils-widgets) function.  If not specified upon `run-now`, the triggered run uses the job’s base parameters.  notebook_params cannot be specified in conjunction with jar_params.  Use [Task parameter variables](https://docs.databricks.com/jobs.html#parameter-variables) to set parameters containing information about job runs.  The JSON representation of this field (for example `{\"notebook_params\":{\"name\":\"john doe\",\"age\":\"35\"}}`) cannot exceed 10,000 bytes. | [optional]
**python_params** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | A list of parameters for jobs with Python tasks, for example `\"python_params\": [\"john doe\", \"35\"]`. The parameters are passed to Python file as command-line parameters. If specified upon `run-now`, it would overwrite the parameters specified in job setting. The JSON representation of this field (for example `{\"python_params\":[\"john doe\",\"35\"]}`) cannot exceed 10,000 bytes.  Use [Task parameter variables](https://docs.databricks.com/jobs.html#parameter-variables) to set parameters containing information about job runs.  Important  These parameters accept only Latin characters (ASCII character set). Using non-ASCII characters returns an error. Examples of invalid, non-ASCII characters are Chinese, Japanese kanjis, and emojis. | [optional]
**spark_submit_params** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | A list of parameters for jobs with spark submit task, for example `\"spark_submit_params\": [\"--class\", \"org.apache.spark.examples.SparkPi\"]`. The parameters are passed to spark-submit script as command-line parameters. If specified upon `run-now`, it would overwrite the parameters specified in job setting. The JSON representation of this field (for example `{\"python_params\":[\"john doe\",\"35\"]}`) cannot exceed 10,000 bytes.  Use [Task parameter variables](https://docs.databricks.com/jobs.html#parameter-variables) to set parameters containing information about job runs.  Important  These parameters accept only Latin characters (ASCII character set). Using non-ASCII characters returns an error. Examples of invalid, non-ASCII characters are Chinese, Japanese kanjis, and emojis. | [optional]
**python_named_params** | Option<[**::std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**](serde_json::Value.md)> | A map from keys to values for jobs with Python wheel task, for example `\"python_named_params\": {\"name\": \"task\", \"data\": \"dbfs:/path/to/data.json\"}`. | [optional]
**pipeline_params** | Option<[**crate::models::RunParametersPipelineParams**](RunParameters_pipeline_params.md)> |  | [optional]
**sql_params** | Option<[**::std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**](serde_json::Value.md)> | A map from keys to values for SQL tasks, for example `\"sql_params\": {\"name\": \"john doe\", \"age\": \"35\"}`. The SQL alert task does not support custom parameters. | [optional]
**dbt_commands** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | An array of commands to execute for jobs with the dbt task, for example `\"dbt_commands\": [\"dbt deps\", \"dbt seed\", \"dbt run\"]` | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


